# Strengths & Storytelling Reflection 

After taking the StregthsFinder test, I have reflected on the results I received a good deal. I've spend time trying to create a strategy on how to implement them to my advantage as best as possible. My understanding of the strengths hasn't really changed, other than it seemed like two of my strengths were somewhat conflicting. However, instead of focusing on that I've tried to focus on them in ways that will help me create value, thus become more valuable myself.

My struggles at Turing have mostly been due to my minimal computer experience before Turing. During the lessons, coding along, I would regularly have a problem because I had a typo somewhere, or didn't know how to do a basic computer task. Then I'd find the typo, or someone would point it out for me, but I'd be a few minutes behind the class. So I often would have to go back over the lesson again at night, but then when I'd go to implement what I learned I could do it. I just couldn't speak to it, because I wouldn't know the name. My understanding was more in terms of "this" does "that", and put "this" <here> not <there> to accomplish that task. Doing more paired projects and mid-mocks, has really resolved this problem for me. Having to communicate what's going on has solidified my understanding.


My Turing experience has been pretty incredible so far. I never envisioned myself doing anything with software. Now I can envision myself doing anything with software. I joined Turing because I wanted to create a specific company that revolves around an app and a website. Now, after learning about all the possibilities, that will be realistic when I graduate. Maybe I'll go that route, maybe not, but there will definitely be way more open doors for me. I came in thinking that I  basically had one shot at real success, if not, total failure. Now, I'm generally more interested in all kinds of emerging technologies, being really involved in the tech community, and being exposed to the newest, most out-of-the-box-thinking ideas out there. 


* After you practice storytelling in the session, answer this question: What was particularly easy or difficult about telling your story? What are 1-2 steps that you can take to continue to improve your abilities to tell your story, talk about yourself with ease, and examine your strengths?


Everything about the storytelling is hard for me. I'm generally a pretty private person. I'm pretty social and outgoing in smaller groups, but I generally joke around, tell third person stories, or self-deprecating humor. Not in a, I'm depressed kind of way, but I generally think it's obnoxious when someone talks a ton about themselves, especially if it's telling you how great they are. I plan to use my skills, and work to display my value. I'd prefer to speak to my work, and beyond that just be myself. I do plan to do a big lightning talk that I'm well prepared for, to practice public speaking and I want a video of me talking about the industry I'd like to join after Turing. 
